tell me what no
yeah i've been uh talking about the
revolt of the caring classes for some
time
and
it occurred to me this this could be a
really brilliant tool for that because
one of the effects of power is always a
spread suppression of knowledge uh
the devaluation of knowledge when you
destroy community you destroy knowledge
uh and
one thing neoliberalism does is it puts
power in the hands of managers who are
trained in business school
who have no idea what's going on so you
have a situation where especially
anybody who's giving some kind of care a
teacher a nurse has all of this
knowledge that you know they sit around
keenly aware of what's going on around
them of the microdynamics and they can't
talk about it i mean they can't talk
about the fact that a lot of people's
jobs are totally pointless they can't
talk about the fact that their job is
totally pointless in some cases they
can't talk about how they actually feel
about the administrative uh
responsibilities and all incoherences
or they can talk about it to each other
but can't talk about it to anyone else
so
you have this wealth of knowledge and
insight about organization which is not
just lost it's completely suppressed um
now
the left has got this problem of how to
organize these people and it's largely
because they
trying to or you know the major
problem you have is not with your boss
it's not even ultimately clear who your
boss is a lot of cases in the caring
sector it's with the managers with the
administrators and the left is trying to
organize both the administrators and the
caregivers in the same organizations um
often in the same union certainly in the
same political party
so it just
increases this effect of suppression so
so yeah you know if you create a tool of
your imagination and say all right what
would happen if the nurses reimagined
the entire organizational structure of a
hospital or of a medical service you
would be unleashing this wealth of
insight that has been systematically
oppressed and one of the major ways that
oppression is actually felt on a
day-to-day basis is what you're what you
know but you're never allowed to talk
about now take all that stuff that you
know and you're never allowed to talk
about and turn that into a power that
can transform society